https://research.google/blog/multimodal-medical-ai/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-google-ai/ None
https://research.google/blog/investing-in-frances-ai-ecosystem/ None
https://research.google/blog/supporting-benchmarks-for-ai-safety-with-mlcommons/ None
https://research.google/blog/responsible-ai-at-google-research-pair/ None
https://research.google/blog/responsible-ai-at-google-research-context-in-ai-research-cair/ None
https://research.google/blog/bringing-precision-to-the-ai-safety-discussion/ None
https://research.google/blog/responsible-ai-at-google-research-technology-ai-society-and-culture/ None
https://research.google/blog/responsible-ai-at-google-research-ai-for-social-good/ None
https://research.google/blog/2023-a-year-of-groundbreaking-advances-in-ai-and-computing/ None
https://research.google/blog/highlights-from-the-google-ai-residency-program/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-2022-beyond-responsible-ai/ None
https://research.google/blog/emerging-practices-for-society-centered-ai/ None
https://research.google/blog/responsible-ai-at-google-research-the-impact-lab/ None
https://research.google/blog/generative-ai-to-quantify-uncertainty-in-weather-forecasting/ None
https://research.google/blog/responsible-ai-at-google-research-adversarial-testing-for-generative-ai-safety/ None
https://research.google/blog/responsible-ai-at-google-research-user-experience-team/ None
https://research.google/blog/responsible-ai-at-google-research-perception-fairness/ None
https://research.google/blog/using-societal-context-knowledge-to-foster-the-responsible-application-of-ai/ None
https://research.google/blog/highlights-from-the-3rd-cohort-of-the-google-ai-residency-program/ None
https://research.google/blog/amie-a-research-ai-system-for-diagnostic-medical-reasoning-and-conversations/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-ai-princeton-current-and-future-research/ None
https://research.google/blog/using-ai-to-expand-global-access-to-reliable-flood-forecasts/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-looking-back-at-2020-and-forward-to-2021/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-2022-beyond-language-vision-and-generative-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-at-io-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/looking-back-at-googles-research-efforts-in-2018/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-neurips-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-looking-back-at-2019-and-forward-to-2020-and-beyond/ None
https://research.google/blog/robust-and-efficient-medical-imaging-with-self-supervision/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-2022-beyond-health/ None
https://research.google/blog/heal-a-framework-for-health-equity-assessment-of-machine-learning-performance/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-neurips-2020/ None
https://research.google/blog/the-google-brain-team-looking-back-on-2017-part-2-of-2/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-neurips-2022/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-chi-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-themes-from-2021-and-beyond/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-aps-2024/ None
https://research.google/blog/the-google-brain-team-looking-back-on-2016/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-neurips-2018/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-neurips-2021/ None
https://research.google/blog/computer-aided-diagnosis-for-lung-cancer-screening/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-preview-of-bristlecone-googles-new-quantum-processor/ None
https://research.google/blog/on-the-path-to-cryogenic-control-of-quantum-processors/ None
https://research.google/blog/setting-fairness-goals-with-the-tensorflow-constrained-optimization-library/ None
https://research.google/blog/presenting-the-igibson-challenge-on-interactive-and-social-navigation/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-dataset-exploration-case-study-with-know-your-data/ None
https://research.google/blog/enabling-creative-expression-with-concept-activation-vectors/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-2022-beyond-research-community-engagement/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-aspire-for-selective-prediction-in-llms/ None
https://research.google/blog/alphago-mastering-the-ancient-game-of-go-with-machine-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-cirq-an-open-source-framework-for-nisq-algorithms/ None
https://research.google/blog/acoustic-detection-of-humpback-whales-using-a-convolutional-neural-network/ None
https://research.google/blog/the-neurips-2018-test-of-time-award-the-trade-offs-of-large-scale-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/exploring-quantum-neural-networks/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-icml-2019/ None
https://research.google/blog/fairness-indicators-scalable-infrastructure-for-fair-ml-systems/ None
https://research.google/blog/agile-and-intelligent-locomotion-via-deep-reinforcement-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/leveraging-machine-learning-for-game-development/ None
https://research.google/blog/an-ml-based-framework-for-covid-19-epidemiology/ None
https://research.google/blog/learning-from-weakly-labeled-videos-via-sub-concepts/ None
https://research.google/blog/hybrid-quantum-algorithms-for-quantum-monte-carlo/ None
https://research.google/blog/amplification-at-the-quantum-limit/ None
https://research.google/blog/suppressing-quantum-errors-by-scaling-a-surface-code-logical-qubit/ None
https://research.google/blog/tsmixer-an-all-mlp-architecture-for-time-series-forecasting/ None
https://research.google/blog/differentially-private-median-and-more/ None
https://research.google/blog/universal-speech-model-usm-state-of-the-art-speech-ai-for-100-languages/ None
https://research.google/blog/scin-a-new-resource-for-representative-dermatology-images/ None
https://research.google/blog/mixed-input-matrix-multiplication-performance-optimizations/ None
https://research.google/blog/styledrop-text-to-image-generation-in-any-style/ None
https://research.google/blog/reformulating-chemistry-for-more-efficient-quantum-computation/ None
https://research.google/blog/googles-workshop-on-aiml-research-and-practice-in-india/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-naacl/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-icml-2018/ None
https://research.google/blog/understanding-performance-fluctuations-in-quantum-processors/ None
https://research.google/blog/the-what-if-tool-code-free-probing-of-machine-learning-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/open-sourcing-active-question-reformulation-with-reinforcement-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/accurate-online-speaker-diarization-with-supervised-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/tf-ranking-a-scalable-tensorflow-library-for-learning-to-rank/ None
https://research.google/blog/evaluating-the-unsupervised-learning-of-disentangled-representations/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-iclr-2019/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-tensornetwork-an-open-source-library-for-efficient-tensor-calculations/ None
https://research.google/blog/quantum-supremacy-using-a-programmable-superconducting-processor/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-neurips-2019/ None
https://research.google/blog/learning-to-see-transparent-objects/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-cvpr-2020/ None
https://research.google/blog/scaling-up-fundamental-quantum-chemistry-simulations-on-quantum-hardware/ None
https://research.google/blog/estimating-the-impact-of-training-data-with-reinforcement-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/demonstrating-the-fundamentals-of-quantum-error-correction/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-iccv-2021/ None
https://research.google/blog/lamda-towards-safe-grounded-and-high-quality-dialog-models-for-everything/ None
https://research.google/blog/resolving-high-energy-impacts-on-quantum-processors/ None
https://research.google/blog/machine-learning-for-mechanical-ventilation-control/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-eccv-2022/ None
https://research.google/blog/making-a-dual-of-a-traversable-wormhole-with-a-quantum-computer/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-2022-beyond-ml-computer-systems/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-2022-beyond-algorithmic-advances/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-2022-beyond-natural-sciences/ None
https://research.google/blog/soundstorm-efficient-parallel-audio-generation/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-icml-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/distilling-step-by-step-outperforming-larger-language-models-with-less-training-data-and-smaller-model-sizes/ None
https://research.google/blog/developing-industrial-use-cases-for-physical-simulation-on-future-error-corrected-quantum-computers/ None
https://research.google/blog/zero-shot-adaptive-prompting-of-large-language-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/overcoming-leakage-on-error-corrected-quantum-processors/ None
https://research.google/blog/intervening-on-early-readouts-for-mitigating-spurious-features-and-simplicity-bias/ None
https://research.google/blog/sparsity-preserving-differentially-private-training/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-new-quantum-algorithm-for-classical-mechanics-with-an-exponential-speedup/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-emnlp-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/videoprism-a-foundational-visual-encoder-for-video-understanding/ None
https://research.google/blog/inceptionism-going-deeper-into-neural-networks/ None
https://research.google/blog/the-google-brain-team-looking-back-on-2017-part-1-of-2/ None
https://research.google/blog/deep-learning-for-electronic-health-records/ None
https://research.google/blog/automatic-photography-with-google-clips/ None
https://research.google/blog/advances-in-semantic-textual-similarity/ None
https://research.google/blog/improving-deep-learning-performance-with-autoaugment/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-an-updated-youtube-8m-and-the-2nd-youtube-8m-large-scale-video-understanding-challenge-and-workshop/ None
https://research.google/blog/accelerated-training-and-inference-with-the-tensorflow-object-detection-api/ None
https://research.google/blog/machine-learning-in-google-bigquery/ None
https://research.google/blog/the-machine-learning-behind-android-smart-linkify/ None
https://research.google/blog/conceptual-captions-a-new-dataset-and-challenge-for-image-captioning/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-the-inclusive-images-competition/ None
https://research.google/blog/text-to-speech-for-low-resource-languages-episode-4-one-down-299-to-go/ None
https://research.google/blog/googles-next-generation-music-recognition/ None
https://research.google/blog/building-google-dataset-search-and-fostering-an-open-data-ecosystem/ None
https://research.google/blog/applying-deep-learning-to-metastatic-breast-cancer-detection/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-adanet-fast-and-flexible-automl-with-learning-guarantees/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-emnlp-2018/ None
https://research.google/blog/open-sourcing-bert-state-of-the-art-pre-training-for-natural-language-processing/ None
https://research.google/blog/improved-grading-of-prostate-cancer-using-deep-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/adding-diversity-to-images-with-open-images-extended/ None
https://research.google/blog/improving-the-effectiveness-of-diabetic-retinopathy-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/expanding-the-application-of-deep-learning-to-electronic-health-records/ None
https://research.google/blog/natural-questions-a-new-corpus-and-challenge-for-question-answering-research/ None
https://research.google/blog/transformer-xl-unleashing-the-potential-of-attention-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-planet-a-deep-planning-network-for-reinforcement-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/learning-to-generalize-from-sparse-and-underspecified-rewards/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-gpipe-an-open-source-library-for-efficiently-training-large-scale-neural-network-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/exploring-neural-networks-with-activation-atlases/ None
https://research.google/blog/real-time-ar-self-expression-with-machine-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/harnessing-organizational-knowledge-for-machine-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-summary-of-the-google-flood-forecasting-meets-machine-learning-workshop/ None
https://research.google/blog/measuring-the-limits-of-data-parallel-training-for-neural-networks/ None
https://research.google/blog/reducing-the-need-for-labeled-data-in-generative-adversarial-networks/ None
https://research.google/blog/simulated-policy-learning-in-video-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/using-deep-learning-to-improve-usability-on-mobile-devices/ None
https://research.google/blog/take-your-best-selfie-automatically-with-photobooth-on-pixel-3/ None
https://research.google/blog/morphnet-towards-faster-and-smaller-neural-networks/ None
https://research.google/blog/specaugment-a-new-data-augmentation-method-for-automatic-speech-recognition/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-the-6th-fine-grained-visual-categorization-workshop/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-google-landmarks-v2-an-improved-dataset-for-landmark-recognition-retrieval/ None
https://research.google/blog/an-end-to-end-automl-solution-for-tabular-data-at-kaggledays/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-translatotron-an-end-to-end-speech-to-speech-translation-model/ None
https://research.google/blog/efficientnet-improving-accuracy-and-efficiency-through-automl-and-model-scaling/ None
https://research.google/blog/applying-automl-to-transformer-architectures/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-cvpr-2019/ None
https://research.google/blog/predicting-the-generalization-gap-in-deep-neural-networks/ None
https://research.google/blog/contributing-data-to-deepfake-detection-research/ None
https://research.google/blog/new-insights-into-human-mobility-with-privacy-preserving-aggregation/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-tensorflow-quantum-an-open-source-library-for-quantum-machine-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/an-optimistic-perspective-on-offline-reinforcement-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/off-policy-estimation-for-infinite-horizon-reinforcement-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/exploring-evolutionary-meta-learning-in-robotics/ None
https://research.google/blog/dads-unsupervised-reinforcement-learning-for-skill-discovery/ None
https://research.google/blog/extracting-structured-data-from-templatic-documents/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-icml-2020/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-the-model-card-toolkit-for-easier-model-transparency-reporting/ None
https://research.google/blog/the-technology-behind-our-recent-improvements-in-flood-forecasting/ None
https://research.google/blog/measuring-gendered-correlations-in-pre-trained-nlp-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/learning-to-reason-over-tables-from-less-data/ None
https://research.google/blog/3d-scene-understanding-with-tensorflow-3d/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-the-2021-research-scholar-program-recipients/ None
https://research.google/blog/do-wide-and-deep-networks-learn-the-same-things/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-step-toward-more-inclusive-people-annotations-in-the-open-images-extended-dataset/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-cvpr-2021/ None
https://research.google/blog/quantum-machine-learning-and-the-power-of-data/ None
https://research.google/blog/achieving-precision-in-quantum-material-simulations/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-icml-2021/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-flan-more-generalizable-language-models-with-instruction-fine-tuning/ None
https://research.google/blog/self-supervised-learning-advances-medical-image-classification/ None
https://research.google/blog/how-underspecification-presents-challenges-for-machine-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/improved-on-device-ml-on-pixel-6-with-neural-architecture-search/ None
https://research.google/blog/mural-multimodal-multi-task-retrieval-across-languages/ None
https://research.google/blog/evaluating-syntactic-abilities-of-language-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/controlling-neural-networks-with-rule-representations/ None
https://research.google/blog/nested-hierarchical-transformer-towards-accurate-data-efficient-and-interpretable-visual-understanding/ None
https://research.google/blog/guiding-frozen-language-models-with-learned-soft-prompts/ None
https://research.google/blog/pathways-language-model-palm-scaling-to-540-billion-parameters-for-breakthrough-performance/ None
https://research.google/blog/efficiently-initializing-reinforcement-learning-with-prior-policies/ None
https://research.google/blog/formnet-beyond-sequential-modeling-for-form-based-document-understanding/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-cvpr-2022/ None
https://research.google/blog/quantum-advantage-in-learning-from-experiments/ None
https://research.google/blog/audiolm-a-language-modeling-approach-to-audio-generation/ None
https://research.google/blog/the-data-cards-playbook-a-toolkit-for-transparency-in-dataset-documentation/ None
https://research.google/blog/formation-of-robust-bound-states-of-interacting-photons/ None
https://research.google/blog/ehr-safe-generating-high-fidelity-and-privacy-preserving-synthetic-electronic-health-records/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-2022-beyond-algorithms-for-efficient-deep-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/unsupervised-and-semi-supervised-anomaly-detection-with-data-centric-ml/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-research-2022-beyond-robotics/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-iclr-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/the-worlds-first-braiding-of-non-abelian-anyons/ None
https://research.google/blog/unifying-image-caption-and-image-classification-datasets-with-prefix-conditioning/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-the-first-machine-unlearning-challenge/ None
https://research.google/blog/pic2word-mapping-pictures-to-words-for-zero-shot-composed-image-retrieval/ None
https://research.google/blog/how-to-compare-a-noisy-quantum-processor-to-a-classical-computer/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-iccv-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/measurement-induced-entanglement-phase-transitions-in-a-quantum-circuit/ None
https://research.google/blog/soar-new-algorithms-for-even-faster-vector-search-with-scann/ None
https://research.google/blog/preparing-and-stabilizing-quantum-states-through-engineered-dissipation/ None
https://research.google/blog/croissant-a-metadata-format-for-ml-ready-datasets/ None
https://research.google/blog/chain-of-table-evolving-tables-in-the-reasoning-chain-for-table-understanding/ None
https://research.google/blog/learning-the-importance-of-training-data-under-concept-drift/ None
https://research.google/blog/mobilediffusion-rapid-text-to-image-generation-on-device/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-decoder-only-foundation-model-for-time-series-forecasting/ None
https://research.google/blog/advancements-in-machine-learning-for-machine-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/maybe-your-computer-just-needs-a-hug/ None
https://research.google/blog/four-googlers-elected-acm-fellows/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-americas-faculty-summit-reflections-from-our-attendees/ None
https://research.google/blog/quantifying-comedy-on-youtube-why-the-number-of-os-in-your-lol-matter/ None
https://research.google/blog/faculty-summit-2012-online-education-panel/ None
https://research.google/blog/hardware-initiative-at-quantum-artificial-intelligence-lab/ None
https://research.google/blog/deepdream-a-code-example-for-visualizing-neural-networks/ None
https://research.google/blog/when-can-quantum-annealing-win/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-large-corpus-for-supervised-word-sense-disambiguation/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-openfermion-the-open-source-chemistry-package-for-quantum-computers/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-nips-2017/ None
https://research.google/blog/open-sourcing-the-hunt-for-exoplanets/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-cvpr-2018/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-a-new-framework-for-flexible-and-reproducible-reinforcement-learning-research/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-the-kaggle-quick-draw-doodle-recognition-challenge/ None
https://research.google/blog/highlights-from-the-2018-google-phd-fellowship-summit/ None
https://research.google/blog/using-global-localization-to-improve-navigation/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-google-research-football-a-novel-reinforcement-learning-environment/ None
https://research.google/blog/multilingual-universal-sentence-encoder-for-semantic-retrieval/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-acl-2019/ None
https://research.google/blog/an-interactive-automated-3d-reconstruction-of-a-fly-brain/ None
https://research.google/blog/using-deep-learning-to-inform-differential-diagnoses-of-skin-diseases/ None
https://research.google/blog/an-inside-look-at-flood-forecasting/ None
https://research.google/blog/developing-deep-learning-models-for-chest-x-rays-with-adjudicated-image-labels/ None
https://research.google/blog/lessons-learned-from-developing-ml-for-healthcare/ None
https://research.google/blog/improving-out-of-distribution-detection-in-machine-learning-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/ml-fairness-gym-a-tool-for-exploring-long-term-impacts-of-machine-learning-systems/ None
https://research.google/blog/generating-diverse-synthetic-medical-image-data-for-training-machine-learning-models/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-the-2019-google-faculty-research-award-recipients/ None
https://research.google/blog/exploring-transfer-learning-with-t5-the-text-to-text-transfer-transformer/ None
https://research.google/blog/massively-scaling-reinforcement-learning-with-seed-rl/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-scalable-approach-to-reducing-gender-bias-in-google-translate/ None
https://research.google/blog/using-neural-networks-to-find-answers-in-tables/ None
https://research.google/blog/speeding-up-neural-network-training-with-data-echoing/ None
https://research.google/blog/improving-speech-representations-and-personalized-models-using-self-supervision/ None
https://research.google/blog/leveraging-temporal-context-for-object-detection/ None
https://research.google/blog/mediapipe-iris-real-time-iris-tracking-depth-estimation/ None
https://research.google/blog/on-device-real-time-body-pose-tracking-with-mediapipe-blazepose/ None
https://research.google/blog/keypose-estimating-the-3d-pose-of-transparent-objects-from-stereo/ None
https://research.google/blog/announcing-the-recipients-of-the-2020-award-for-inclusion-research/ None
https://research.google/blog/mitigating-unfair-bias-in-ml-models-with-the-mindiff-framework/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-iclr-2021/ None
https://research.google/blog/cross-modal-contrastive-learning-for-text-to-image-generation/ None
https://research.google/blog/data-cascades-in-machine-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/frill-on-device-speech-representations-using-tensorflow-lite/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-dataset-for-studying-gender-bias-in-translation/ None
https://research.google/blog/quickly-training-game-playing-agents-with-machine-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/mapping-africas-buildings-with-satellite-imagery/ None
https://research.google/blog/improved-detection-of-elusive-polyps-via-machine-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/recreating-natural-voices-for-people-with-speech-impairments/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-omnimattes-a-new-approach-to-matte-generation-using-layered-neural-rendering/ None
https://research.google/blog/music-conditioned-3d-dance-generation-with-aist/ None
https://research.google/blog/high-quality-robust-and-responsible-direct-speech-to-speech-translation/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-emnlp-2021/ None
https://research.google/blog/a-scalable-approach-for-partially-local-federated-learning/ None
https://research.google/blog/introducing-stylex-a-new-approach-for-visual-explanation-of-classifiers/ None
https://research.google/blog/does-your-medical-image-classifier-know-what-it-doesnt-know/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-iclr-2022/ None
https://research.google/blog/mapping-urban-trees-across-north-america-with-the-auto-arborist-dataset/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-icml-2022/ None
https://research.google/blog/look-and-talk-natural-conversations-with-google-assistant/ None
https://research.google/blog/using-ml-to-boost-engagement-with-a-maternal-and-child-health-program-in-india/ None
https://research.google/blog/pali-scaling-language-image-learning-in-100-languages/ None
https://research.google/blog/directing-ml-toward-natural-hazard-mitigation-through-collaboration/ None
https://research.google/blog/recent-advances-in-deep-long-horizon-forecasting/ None
https://research.google/blog/consensus-and-subjectivity-of-skin-tone-annotation-for-ml-fairness/ None
https://research.google/blog/differentially-private-clustering-for-large-scale-datasets/ None
https://research.google/blog/imagen-editor-and-editbench-advancing-and-evaluating-text-guided-image-inpainting/ None
https://research.google/blog/reconstructing-indoor-spaces-with-nerf/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-cvpr-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/on-device-diffusion-plugins-for-conditioned-text-to-image-generation/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-acl-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/advances-in-document-understanding/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-at-interspeech-2023/ None
https://research.google/blog/mediapipe-facestylizer-on-device-real-time-few-shot-face-stylization/ None
https://research.google/blog/english-learners-can-now-practice-speaking-on-search/ None
https://research.google/blog/google-duplex-an-ai-system-for-accomplishing-real-world-tasks-over-the-phone/ None
